readme: add install instructions for NixOS users (#1832)
pop-os/cosmic-epoch: README.md

Then log out, click on your user, and a sprocket at the bottom right shows an additional entry alongside your desktop environments. Change to COSMIC and proceed with log in.
For further information, you may check the [COPR page](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/ryanabx/cosmic-epoch/).

## Installing on NixOS
The COSMIC module on NixOS can be enabled by adding the following lines to
your NixOS configuration file (`configuration.nix` or in your Flake):
```nix
  # Enable the login manager
  services.displayManager.cosmic-greeter.enable = true;
  # Enable the COSMIC DE itself
  services.desktopManager.cosmic.enable = true;
  # Enable XWayland support in COSMIC
  services.desktopManager.cosmic.xwayland.enable = true;
```

> While the packages like `cosmic-session`, etc might be present before
> NixOS 25.05, the NixOS modules--which handle adding all COSMIC packages to your
> NixOS system--were only added during the release of **NixOS 25.05**.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion for clarity:

```suggestion
While some packages like `cosmic-session` might be present in prior
versions, the modules that add support for COSMIC were added in NixOS 25.05.
```
